:::image type="content" source="./media/how-to-responsible-ai-dashboard/individual-feature-importance-ice-plot.png" alt-text="Screenshot of the dashboard, showing an ICE plot on the 'Individual feature importances' pane." lightbox="./media/how-to-responsible-ai-dashboard/individual-feature-importance-ice-plot.png":::

- **Min (numerical features)**: Specifies the lower bound of the range of predictions in the ICE plot.
- **Max (numerical features)**: Specifies the upper bound of the range of predictions in the ICE plot.
- **Steps (numerical features)**: Specifies the number of points to show predictions for within the interval.
- **Feature values (categorical features)**: Specifies which categorical feature values to show predictions for.
- **Feature**: Specifies the feature to make predictions for.

### Counterfactual what-if

Counterfactual analysis provides a diverse set of *what-if* examples generated by changing the values of features minimally to produce the desired prediction class (classification) or range (regression).

:::image type="content" source="./media/how-to-responsible-ai-dashboard/counterfactuals.png" alt-text="Screenshot of the dashboard, showing counterfactuals." lightbox="./media/how-to-responsible-ai-dashboard/counterfactuals.png":::

1. **Point selection**: Selects the point to create a counterfactual for and display in the top-ranking features plot below it.

    :::image type="content" source="./media/how-to-responsible-ai-dashboard/counterfactuals-top-ranked-features.png" alt-text="Screenshot of the dashboard, showing a top ranked features plot." lightbox="./media/how-to-responsible-ai-dashboard/counterfactuals-top-ranked-features.png":::

    **Top ranked features plot**: Displays, in descending order of average frequency, the features to perturb to create a diverse set of counterfactuals of the desired class. You must generate at least 10 diverse counterfactuals per data point to enable this chart, because there's a lack of accuracy with a lesser number of counterfactuals.
2. **Selected data point**: Performs the same action as the point selection in the table, except in a dropdown menu.
3. **Desired class for counterfactual(s)**: Specifies the class or range to generate counterfactuals for.
4. **Create what-if counterfactual**: Opens a panel for counterfactual what-if data point creation.

    Select the **Create what-if counterfactual** button to open a full window panel.

    :::image type="content" source="./media/how-to-responsible-ai-dashboard/counterfactuals-examples.png" alt-text="Screenshot of the dashboard, showing what-if counterfactuals." lightbox="./media/how-to-responsible-ai-dashboard/counterfactuals-examples.png":::

5. **Search features**: Finds features to observe and change values.
6. **Sort counterfactual by ranked features**: Sorts counterfactual examples in order of perturbation effect. (Also see **Top ranked features plot**, discussed earlier.)
7. **Counterfactual examples**: Lists feature values of example counterfactuals with the desired class or range. The first row is the original reference data point. Select **Set value** to set all the values of your own counterfactual data point in the bottom row with the values of the pre-generated counterfactual example.  
8. **Predicted value or class**: Lists the model prediction of a counterfactual's class given those changed features.
9. **Create your own counterfactual**: Allows you to perturb your own features to modify the counterfactual. Features that have been changed from the original feature value are denoted by the title being bolded (for example, Employer and Programming language). Select **See prediction delta** to view the difference in the new prediction value from the original data point.
10. **What-if counterfactual name**: Allows you to name the counterfactual uniquely.
11. **Save as new data point**: Saves the counterfactual you've created.

### Causal analysis

The next sections cover how to read the causal analysis for your dataset on select user-specified treatments.
