norm_macro_recall| Normalized macro recall is recall macro-averaged and normalized, so that random performance has a score of 0, and perfect performance has a score of 1. <br> <br>**Objective:** Closer to 1 the better <br> **Range:** [0, 1] |`(recall_score_macro - R)`&nbsp;/&nbsp;`(1 - R)` <br><br>where, `R` is the expected value of `recall_score_macro` for random predictions.<br><br>`R = 0.5`&nbsp;for&nbsp; binary&nbsp;classification. <br>`R = (1 / C)` for C-class classification problems.|
matthews_correlation | Matthews correlation coefficient is a balanced measure of accuracy, which can be used even if one class has many more samples than another. A coefficient of 1 indicates perfect prediction, 0 random prediction, and -1 inverse prediction.<br><br> **Objective:** Closer to 1 the better <br> **Range:** [-1, 1]|[Calculation](https://scikit-learn.org/0.22/modules/generated/sklearn.metrics.matthews_corrcoef.html)|
precision|Precision is the ability of a model to avoid labeling negative samples as positive. <br><br> **Objective:** Closer to 1 the better <br> **Range:** [0, 1]<br> <br>Supported metric names include, <li> `precision_score_macro`, the arithmetic mean of precision for each class. <li> `precision_score_micro`, computed globally by counting the total true positives and false positives. <li> `precision_score_weighted`, the arithmetic mean of precision for each class, weighted by number of true instances in each class. <li> `precision_score_binary`, the value of precision by treating one specific class as `true` class and combine all other classes as `false` class.|[Calculation](https://scikit-learn.org/0.22/modules/generated/sklearn.metrics.precision_score.html)|
recall| Recall is the ability of a model to detect all positive samples. <br><br> **Objective:** Closer to 1 the better <br> **Range:** [0, 1]<br> <br>Supported metric names include, <li>`recall_score_macro`: the arithmetic mean of recall for each class. <li> `recall_score_micro`: computed globally by counting the total true positives, false negatives and false positives.<li> `recall_score_weighted`: the arithmetic mean of recall for each class, weighted by number of true instances in each class. <li> `recall_score_binary`, the value of recall by treating one specific class as `true` class and combine all other classes as `false` class.|[Calculation](https://scikit-learn.org/0.22/modules/generated/sklearn.metrics.recall_score.html)|
weighted_accuracy|Weighted accuracy is accuracy where each sample is weighted by the total number of samples belonging to the same class. <br><br>**Objective:** Closer to 1 the better <br>**Range:** [0, 1]|[Calculation](https://scikit-learn.org/0.22/modules/generated/sklearn.metrics.accuracy_score.html)|

### Binary vs. multiclass classification metrics

Automated ML automatically detects if the data is binary and also allows users to activate binary classification metrics even if the data is multiclass by specifying a `true` class. Multiclass classification metrics will be reported no matter if a dataset has two classes or more than two classes. Binary classification metrics will only be reported when the data is binary, or the users activate the option. 

> [!Note]
> When a binary classification task is detected, we use `numpy.unique` to find the set of labels and the later label will be used as the `true` class. Since there is a sorting procedure in `numpy.unique`, the choice of `true` class will be stable.

Note that multiclass classification metrics are intended for multiclass classification. When applied to a binary dataset, these metrics won't treat any class as the `true` class, as you might expect. Metrics that are clearly meant for multiclass are suffixed with `micro`, `macro`, or `weighted`. Examples include `average_precision_score`, `f1_score`, `precision_score`, `recall_score`, and `AUC`. For example, instead of calculating recall as `tp / (tp + fn)`, the multiclass averaged recall (`micro`, `macro`, or `weighted`) averages over both classes of a binary classification dataset. This is equivalent to calculating the recall for the `true` class and the `false` class separately, and then taking the average of the two.
