
# Monitor Azure Machine Learning

When you have critical applications and business processes relying on Azure resources, you want to monitor those resources for their availability, performance, and operation. This article describes the monitoring data generated by Azure Machine Learning and how to analyze and alert on this data with Azure Monitor.

> [!TIP]
> The information in this document is primarily for __administrators__, as it describes monitoring for the Azure Machine Learning service and associated Azure services. If you are a __data scientist__ or __developer__, and want to monitor information specific to your *model training runs*, see the following documents:
>
> * [Start, monitor, and cancel training runs](how-to-track-monitor-analyze-runs.md)
> * [Log metrics for training runs](how-to-log-view-metrics.md)
> * [Track experiments with MLflow](how-to-use-mlflow.md)
> * [Visualize runs with TensorBoard](v1/how-to-monitor-tensorboard.md)
>
> If you want to monitor information generated by models deployed to online endpoints, see [Monitor online endpoints](how-to-monitor-online-endpoints.md).

## What is Azure Monitor?

Azure Machine Learning creates monitoring data using [Azure Monitor](../azure-monitor/overview.md), which is a full stack monitoring service in Azure. Azure Monitor provides a complete set of features to monitor your Azure resources. It can also monitor resources in other clouds and on-premises.

Start with the article [Monitoring Azure resources with Azure Monitor](../azure-monitor/essentials/monitor-azure-resource.md), which describes the following concepts:

- What is Azure Monitor?
- Costs associated with monitoring
- Monitoring data collected in Azure
- Configuring data collection
- Standard tools in Azure for analyzing and alerting on monitoring data

The following sections build on this article by describing the specific data gathered for Azure Machine Learning. These sections also provide examples for configuring data collection and analyzing this data with Azure tools.

> [!TIP]
> To understand costs associated with Azure Monitor, see [Usage and estimated costs](../azure-monitor/usage-estimated-costs.md). To understand the time it takes for your data to appear in Azure Monitor, see [Log data ingestion time](../azure-monitor/logs/data-ingestion-time.md).

## Monitoring data from Azure Machine Learning

Azure Machine Learning collects the same kinds of monitoring data as other Azure resources that are described in [Monitoring data from Azure resources](../azure-monitor/essentials/monitor-azure-resource.md#monitoring-data). 

See [Azure Machine Learning monitoring data reference](monitor-resource-reference.md) for a detailed reference of the logs and metrics created by Azure Machine Learning.

<a id="configuration"></a>

## Collection and routing

Platform metrics and the Activity log are collected and stored automatically, but can be routed to other locations by using a diagnostic setting.  

Resource Logs are not collected and stored until you create a diagnostic setting and route them to one or more locations. When you need to manage multiple Azure Machine Learning workspaces, you could route logs for all workspaces into the same logging destination and query all logs from a single place.

See [Create diagnostic setting to collect platform logs and metrics in Azure](../azure-monitor/essentials/diagnostic-settings.md) for the detailed process for creating a diagnostic setting using the Azure portal, the Azure CLI, or PowerShell. When you create a diagnostic setting, you specify which categories of logs to collect. The categories for Azure Machine Learning are listed in [Azure Machine Learning monitoring data reference](monitor-resource-reference.md#resource-logs).

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Enabling these settings requires additional Azure services (storage account, event hub, or Log Analytics), which may increase your cost. To calculate an estimated cost, visit the [Azure pricing calculator](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/calculator).
