    Use custom deployment assets| Disable. Disabling allows for the default driver file (scoring script) and environment file to be autogenerated. 
    
    For this example, we use the defaults provided in the *Advanced* menu. 

1. Select **Deploy**.  

    A green success message appears at the top of the **Job** screen stating that the deployment was started successfully. The progress of the deployment can be found in the **Model summary** pane under **Deploy status**.
    
Once deployment succeeds, you have an operational web service to generate predictions. 

Proceed to the [**Next steps**](#next-steps) to learn more about how to consume your new web service, and test your predictions using Power BI's built in Azure Machine Learning support.

## Clean up resources

Deployment files are larger than data and experiment files, so they cost more to store. Delete only the deployment files to minimize costs to your account, or if you want to keep your workspace and experiment files. Otherwise, delete the entire resource group, if you don't plan to use any of the files.  

### Delete the deployment instance

Delete just the deployment instance from the Azure Machine Learning studio, if you want to keep the resource group and workspace for other tutorials and exploration. 

1. Go to the [Azure Machine Learning studio](https://ml.azure.com/). Navigate to your workspace and  on the left under the **Assets** pane, select **Endpoints**. 

1. Select the deployment you want to delete and select **Delete**. 

1. Select **Proceed**.

### Delete the resource group

[!INCLUDE [aml-delete-resource-group](../../includes/aml-delete-resource-group.md)]

## Next steps

In this tutorial, you used automated ML in the Azure Machine Learning studio to create and deploy a time series forecasting model that predicts bike share rental demand. 

See this article for steps on how to create a Power BI supported schema to facilitate consumption of your newly deployed web service:

> [!div class="nextstepaction"]
> [Consume a web service](/power-bi/connect-data/service-aml-integrate?context=azure%2fmachine-learning%2fcontext%2fml-context)

+ Learn more about [automated machine learning](concept-automated-ml.md).
+ For more information on classification metrics and charts, see the [Understand automated machine learning results](how-to-understand-automated-ml.md) article.
+ Learn more about [featurization](how-to-configure-auto-features.md#featurization).
+ Learn more about [data profiling](v1/how-to-connect-data-ui.md#profile).

>[!NOTE]
> This bike share dataset has been modified for this tutorial. This dataset was made available as part of a [Kaggle competition](https://www.kaggle.com/c/bike-sharing-demand/data) and was originally available via [Capital Bikeshare](https://www.capitalbikeshare.com/system-data). It can also be found within the [UCI Machine Learning Database](http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Bike+Sharing+Dataset).<br><br>
> Source: Fanaee-T, Hadi, and Gama, Joao, Event labeling combining ensemble detectors and background knowledge, Progress in Artificial Intelligence (2013): pp. 1-15, Springer Berlin Heidelberg.
