
# Question

How to use Tensorboard to see job output using AzureML SDK V2?

# Response A

To use TensorBoard to see job output using AzureML SDK V2, you need to define the interactive services you want to use for your job, including TensorBoard. You can do this by importing the `JobService` class from the `azure.ai.ml.entities` package and specifying the `job_service_type` as `tensor_board` in the `services` section of your job configuration. You also need to specify the relative path of TensorBoard logs (same as in your training script) in the `properties` section. Once you submit the job, you can access TensorBoard from the job details page or by connecting to the job endpoints.

# Response B

To use Tensorboard to see job output using AzureML SDK V2, you can follow these steps:

1. Define the interactive services you want to use for your job. Make sure to replace `your compute name` with your own value. If you want to use your own custom environment, follow the examples in [this tutorial](how-to-manage-environments-v2.md) to create a custom environment. 

   Note that you have to import the `JobService` class from the `azure.ai.ml.entities` package to configure interactive services via the SDKv2. 

    ```python
    command_job = command(...
        code="./src",  # local path where the code is stored
        command="python main.py", # you can add a command like "sleep 1h" to reserve the compute resource is reserved after the script finishes running
        environment="AzureML-tensorflow-2.7-ubuntu20.04-py38-cuda11-gpu@latest",
        compute="<name-of-compute>",
        services={
          "My_tensorboard": JobService(
            job_service_type="tensor_board",
            nodes="all",
            properties={
                "logDir": "output/tblogs"  # relative path of Tensorboard logs (same as in your training script)
            }          
          ),
        }
    )

    # submit the command
    returned_job = ml_client.jobs.create_or_update(command_job)
    ```

    The `services` section specifies the training applications you want to interact with. In this case, we are using the `tensor_board` service to enable Tensorboard.

    You can put `sleep <specific time>` at the end of your command to specify the amount of time you want to reserve the compute resource. The format follows: 
    * sleep 1s
    * sleep 1m
    * sleep 1h
    * sleep 1d

    You can also use the `sleep infinity` command that would keep the job alive indefinitely. 
    
    > [!NOTE]
    > If you use `sleep infinity`, you will need to manually [cancel the job](./how-to-interactive-jobs.md#end-job) to let go of the compute resource (and stop billing). 

2. Submit your training job. For more details on how to train with the Python SDKv2, check out this [article](./how-to-train-model.md).

3. Once the job is running, you can access Tensorboard by clicking on the "Endpoints" tab in the job details page. From there, you can click on the "Open" button next to the Tensorboard endpoint to launch Tensorboard in a new tab.

   :::image type="content" source="./media/interactive-jobs/tensorboard-open.png" alt-text="Screenshot of interactive jobs tensorboard panel when first opened. This information will vary depending upon customer data":::

4. In Tensorboard, you can navigate to the "SCALARS" tab to see the metrics logged by your training script.

   :::image type="content" source="./media/interactive-jobs/tensorboard-scalars.png" alt-text="Screenshot of interactive jobs tensorboard scalars panel":::

   You can also navigate to other tabs to see other types of visualizations, such as histograms and images.

   :::image type="content" source="./media/interactive-jobs/tensorboard-histograms.png" alt-text="Screenshot of interactive jobs tensorboard histograms panel":::

   :::image type="content" source="./media/interactive-jobs/tensorboard-images.png" alt-text="Screenshot of interactive jobs tensorboard images panel":::

If you don't see the above options, make sure you have enabled the "Debug & monitor your training jobs" flight via the [preview panel](./how-to-enable-preview-features.md#how-do-i-enable-preview-features).

# Label

Preferred response: 
